RocKer DownLoad Stops Operation Announcement£º
Since 2019.4.20, as a Rocker development team staff, we have decided on a difficult decision---We are about to stop running our Rocker Download! [This may be permanent]
Thank you for your support and companionship to the Rocker material package. However, when we found the following problem, our file "Rocker Download" will be temporarily suspended:
--- The majority of our operating team members are Chinese and are also network-wide in China. And the link to the content we need for our files is the network. Followed by the straight line of the file, but when our funds are invested in the purchase of the corresponding virtual host, we found that most of our staff in China are slow to download and the number of other users downloading is very small; Think this is an unnecessary expense, so we think we can not use it. But when I found out that the GITHUB website can directly use the straight chain, we are not ready to use it again, because we don't have a lot of time to update it in the first place.
--- We believe that we can put effective time into our normal work, our task is to create a good world material package; to get more valuable user experience and feedback. Unfortunately, we found that most of the users who downloaded it using our downloader did not provide us with valuable feedback. The reason may be that our material package has certain defects, but he does not want to contact us because he found contact us. It's very difficult, but we don't necessarily give him a suitable answer or improve the problems he meets. Therefore, we believe that the best way to use and download the Rocker material package is to join our QQ group, which may give us more valuable user feedback, which will make us excited!
If you have better feedback or convince us to re-enable it, then you can write to me: Bmerganser@autlook.com; or you can provide us with a quick direct download link!
Don't forget to follow our BiliBili: https://space.bilibili.com/478958715
Don't forget to add our QQ group: https://jq.qq.com/?_wv=1027&k=5KgaHQz
How to download QQ? Https://im.qq.com/download/